=== Page 1 ===
ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
13 March 2026
THIRD PARTY PROCESSING UPDATE
Ora Banda Mining Limited (ASX:OBM) ( Ora Banda or the Company) provides the following update on its
approach to processing surplus Davyhurst ore through third party infrastructure :
• Throughout FY26, Ora Banda has utilised third -party processing to accelerate cashflow from excess
ore as mining volumes have exceed ed existing Davyhurst processing capacity .
• To date during FY26 approximately 345,000 tonnes of Davyhurst ore has been processed via the
Paddington mill under the previous non -binding Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with
Paddington Gold Pty Limited , which anticipated up to 400kt of ore being processed during FY26. 1
• The Company has now replaced the MOU with a full-form binding Ore Sales Agreement ( OSA) between
Siberia Mining Corporation Pty Ltd, Carnegie Gold Pty Ltd and Paddington Gold Pty L imited 2.
• The OSA enables Ora Banda to process a further 120,000 dry metric tonnes ( ± 10%) of gold bearing
Davyhurst ore at Paddington during March and April 20263.
• Following expiry of the OSA, Ora Banda intends to build excess ore stockpiles for future processing
through its 100% owned infrastructure which is expected to deliver material cost and recovery
benefits . Ora Banda will also continue to review third party processing options in the ordinary course
of business .
• FY26 Production and All -in Sustaining Cost (“AISC”) guidance remains unchanged from that provided
in the December 2025 quarterly report .
• The Company continues to progress studies relating to the construction of a standalone 3 million
tonne per annum processing facility, with further updates anticipated during the June quarter .
This announcement was authorised for release to the ASX by the Board of Directors of Ora Banda. For
further information about Ora Banda and its projects , please visit the Company ’s website at
www.orabandamining.com.au .
Investor & Media Queries:
Luke Creagh Kurt Walker
Managing Director Investor Relations
+61 8 6365 4548 +61 8 6365 4548
admin@obmltd.com.au admin@obmltd.com.au
1 See Ora Banda’s ASX announcement “FY25 Production Results and FY26 Guidance” dated 11 July 2025.
2 Siberia Mining Corporation Pty Ltd and Carnegie Gold Pty Ltd are wholly -owned subsidiaries of Ora Banda. Paddington Gold Pty
Ltd is a subsidiary of Norton Gold Fields Pty Ltd .
3 The material terms of the OSA are the commencement date of 13 March 2026, the expiry date of 30 April 2026 (subject to any
minor extensions required to process April 2026 ore parcels) and the total ore to be processed of 120,000 dry metric tonnes ( ±
10%). Ora Banda will be paid on the basis of the value of the gold produced (by reference to the gold price) less processing costs.
Given the limited duration of the OSA, all other terms are not considered to be material.
A: Level 2, 1 Hood Street Subiaco, WA, 6008 T: + 61 8 6365 4548
1
E: admin@o bmltd .com.au ASX:OBM ABN: 69 100 038 266
ORABANDAMINING.COM.AU

=== Page 2 ===
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This announcement contains forward -looking statements which may be identified by words such as “forecast”, “guidance”,
“target”, “outlook”, “estimates”, “believes”, “expects”, “anticipates”, “intends”, “may”, “will”, “would”, “could”, or “shoul d” and other
similar words that involve risks and uncertainties. These statements are based on an assessment of present economic and
operating conditions, and on a number of assumptions regarding future events and actions that, as at the date of this
announcement, ar e expected to take place.
Such forward -looking statements are provided as a general guide only, are not guarantees of future performance and involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors, many of which are beyond the control of the
Company, the Directors and management of the Company. When forecasting or providing guidance on costs and production the
Company has taken into account current operating costs, design, plans for the mine, cost escalation, required personnel numbe rs
and inputs incl uding capital estimates, submitted tender rates from contractors and suppliers, and average industry productivity
and mining specification metrics. These and other factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expresse d or
implied in a ny forward -looking statements.
The Company has no intention to update or revise forward -looking statements, or to publish prospective financial information in
the future, regardless of whether new information, future events or any other factors affect the information contained in thi s
announcement, except where required by law (including the ASX Listing Rules).
The Company cannot and does not give assurances that the results, performance or achievements expressed or implied in the
forward-looking statements contained in this announcement will actually occur and investors are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on these forward -looking statements.
2